Signature Progressions
---------------Brexit: UK votes to leave EU in historic referendum-------------
1) Original important sentences
The UK has voted to leave the European Union after 43 years in a historic referendum. Britain would be the first country to leave the EU since its formation - but a leave vote will not immediately mean Britain ceases to be a member of the 28-nation bloc. The Leave campaign argued during a bitter four-month referendum campaign that the only way Britain could "take back control" of its own affairs would be to leave the EU.

2) Removed "the","a","an"; Converted past participles to simple past, eg. ("has voted" to "voted"); Removed possessives
UK voted to leave European Union after 43 years in historic referendum. Britain would be first country to leave EU since formation - but leave vote will not immediately mean Britain ceases to be member of 28-nation bloc. Leave campaign argued during bitter four-month referendum campaign that only way Britain could "take back control" of own affairs would be to leave EU. 

3) Removed unnecessary adjectives
UK voted to leave European Union after 43 years in historic referendum. Britain would be first country to leave EU since formation - but leave vote will not immediately mean Britain ceases to be member of 28-nation bloc. Leave campaign argued during referendum campaign that only way Britain could "take back control" of affairs would be to leave EU.

4) Removed some clauses
UK voted to leave European Union. Britain would be first country to leave EU - but leave vote will not immediately mean Britain ceases to be member. Leave campaign argued that only way Britain could "take back control" would be to leave EU. 




-------------Osborne: UK economy in a position of strength---------------------
1) Original
George Osborne has said the UK is ready to face the future "from a position of strength" and indicated there will be no immediate emergency Budget. The chancellor's statement came as the repercussions of the Brexit vote continued to shake the UK's political system. The latest front-bench resignations, on Monday morning, are by shadow foreign minister Diana Johnson, shadow civil society minister Anna Turley and shadow defence minister Toby Perkins.

2) Steps 2 and 3 like above
George Osborne said UK is to face future "from position of strength" and indicated there will be no emergency Budget. Chancellor's statement came as repercussions of Brexit vote continued to shake UK's system. Front-bench resignations, on Monday morning, are by shadow minister Diana Johnson, shadow society minister Anna Turley and shadow defence minister Toby Perkins.



--------------Senate rejects gun control-----------------------------------------
1) Original
US Senate rejects terror list gun sale restriction. The US Senate has rejected plans to tighten gun controls, including the restriction of weapons sales to people on terrorism watch lists. There are currently about one million people on that list.

2) 
The US Senate has rejected plans to tighten gun controls, including the restriction of weapons sales to people on terrorism watch lists. There are currently about one million people on that list. The Senate voted down legislation that would have closed a gun show loophole and expanded background checks to cover private sales.

3) Removing some clauses and words
US Senate has rejected plans to tighten gun controls, including restriction to people watch lists. There are currently about one million people on that list. Senate voted down legislation that would have closed gun show loophole and expanded background checks to cover private sales. 
